The weather is nice today
So I want to invite you to dinner
Do you want to eat shabu beef and shabu mutton?
If you want to eat, come to our Qingshan Town
As long as everyone is willing to come
I'll make sure that each of you has had enough to eat and drink.
We don't just worry about filling up.
As long as you are willing to come, I have no sky
Let go of the past
Young Marshal, this shouldn't be
Be vigilant
We eat every day
They drink and eat meat.
Same disease
Why is the gap so big?
People are people
We are fucking beasts
I don't care
I want to surrender
Are you afraid they will lie to you?
Just cheat
As long as I can eat a meal of meat
It's worth shooting me
I'll go, too.
I'm done.
Commander, our shouts are effective
Many soldiers fled one after another
How many people?
More than 1,000 people
Xi'an happened to be separated and then integrated into the army
Wait until the time is right
Let's officially start the counterattack
Hello
guard
Zhang Shuo, what's wrong with you?
Is there any movement in the Iron War Formation?
No movement
All quarrels
I'm going out for a walk.
Interpret yes
People here
speak
They must have defected